gh-123290: fix reference leaks in `curses` (#123630)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-03-13-51-15.gh-issue-123290.IDR-iN.rst

> Fix reference leaks for the :mod:`curses` and :mod:`curses.panel` modules.

Author: ```suggestion
Fix reference leaks for the :mod:`curses` module.
```
